feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 6 (#57565)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-future-continuous-while-describing-actions/6761493d2db43ba139340975.md

---
id: 6761493d2db43ba139340975
title: Task 110
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-110
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Read the text and answer the question below.

# --questions--

> ## --text--
> 
> `Dear Team,`
> 
> `As the summit is near and many of you will be traveling for work, it’s important to stay safe online. Man-in-the-Middle attacks (MitM) often happen on public Wi-Fi or unsecured networks, especially during peak travel times. These attacks can steal your data, including corporate emails and sensitive information.`
> 
> `To stay protected, always use a VPN (Virtual Private Network) when accessing sensitive information or company systems. Avoid using public Wi-Fi for important tasks. Check the updated security tips and job aids we’ve shared. They include simple steps to keep your data safe while traveling.`
> 
> `We’ve scheduled a security review meeting to share more advice and discuss security protocols. If you have any questions or need help setting up your VPN, contact the security team before your trip.`
> 
> `Stay safe,`
> 
> `Your Security Team`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## --text--

After discussing the risks with Brian, Anna decided to inform the team about preventing MitM attacks, especially during work-related travel:

`Dear Team,`

`As the summit is near and many of you will be traveling for work, it's important to stay safe online. Man-in-the-Middle attacks (MitM) often happen on public Wi-Fi or unsecured networks, especially during peak travel times. These attacks can steal your data, including corporate emails and sensitive information.`

`To stay protected, always use a VPN (Virtual Private Network) when accessing sensitive information or company systems. Avoid using public Wi-Fi for important tasks. Check the updated security tips and job aids we've shared. They include simple steps to keep your data safe while traveling.`

`We've scheduled a security review meeting to share more advice and discuss security protocols. If you have any questions or need help setting up your VPN, contact the security team before your trip.`

`Stay safe,`
`Your Security Team`
```

What does the email say about public Wi-Fi?

## --answers--

It is safe for sending emails.

### --feedback--

The email warns against using public Wi-Fi for important tasks.

---

It helps employees stay connected securely.

### --feedback--

The email does not suggest that public Wi-Fi is secure. Instead, it warns about the risks of using it.

---

It is the best option for connecting to corporate systems.

### --feedback--

The email clearly states to avoid using public Wi-Fi for important tasks like corporate emails.

---

It can be dangerous when accessing sensitive information.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

> To find the correct answer, focus on the email’s advice about public Wi-Fi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the correct answer, focus on the email's advice about public Wi-Fi.
```
